the open rescue paradigm it was already
lame back when it was clandestine
terrorism now it's the same thing but
they want to do it with the mask off
they want to commit the same crime and
they want to brag about it on the
internet and they want you to donate
money supporting it it's extremely
dangerous it can land you in prison it
is not an easy thing to do and I would
never recommend to anyone that they do
it and it's it's worse now because now
it's terrorism plus Fame whoring okay
terrorism is something you should do
covertly I'm still against it I don't
approve of it but this is like
combination of terrorism with
self-righteous Fame luring if your
motives in rescuing these animals were
so pious why didn't you do it
anonymously why didn't you do it in a
clandestine matter why didn't you just
rescue the animals which is to say
stealing them the way all other thieves
steal in the night silently in secret if
you want to be Robin Hood Robin Hood he
leaves outside the law maybe you didn't
get that with the story of Robin Hood
Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham
are not on the same team Robin Hood
would not rob from the rich take a
[ __ ] selfie posted on Instagram and
ask his homies to donate money dam to
support his cause robbing the [ __ ]
rich and giving to the poor this is
[ __ ] this is the worst hypocrisy in
that sense you're worse than terrorists
because at least the [ __ ] terrorists
admit they're terrorists you're
terrorists on the worst kind of
self-indulgent ego trip people don't
want to donate money to a bunch of
[ __ ] going up to the front of a
Chipotle and screaming at the owners and
the customers to shut it down because
they serve meat people don't want to
donate money to support you when you run
onto a baseball pitch and try to
interrupt a baseball game holding up a
banner that says justice for the animals
go vegan
but the emotional effect of rescuing
these animals and then you got the
tear-jerking photos of the animal being
rehabilitated animal sanctuary that
means money don't kid yourself the
reason why one we're going to say
after another moves into the open rescue
and sanctuary game is because of money
if people who were asking in this
incredulous way why would the FBI come
on down on them so hard what why
wouldn't the FBI just treat this like a
house burglar someone who just got drunk
one night and broke into a house trying
to steal a TV set because it's really
not the same is it when you commit a
crime and you espouse and you do it with
no masks on and you espouse that you're
not ashamed of it you're proud of it and
you're actively boasting on Instagram
you're putting up those selfies at
asking for donations you're doing all
that stuff you are making it completely
clear to the authorities that if they
don't stop you one you will reoffending
two you have followers whom you will
inspire whom you will occurr egde to
commit the same offense again baddest
yen video starts with the starts of the
kiss for a change yeah money politics is
about money protests are about money the
internet opens up new avenues for people
to pursue a sense of bank
keep going keep going no edit okay
look you know think about 1916 70s and
80s before the internet getting
newspaper coverage was Della's crucial
pamphlets sending people information in
the mail was crucial groups like
Greenpeace built up you know huge base
of donors partly just through Street
Theater and partly through what I would
call stunt protests I personally was at
a protest by Greenpeace where they
climbed the CN Tower or CN tower or at
least used to be the highest structure
in the world one of the tallest
buildings in the world and they cleaned
up the exterior of it and sign they hung
up poster a giant poster saying climate
change is gonna happen is gonna mess you
up man yeah you know so this gets news
coverage and news coverage drives
donations and on a deep level some
groups like direct action everywhere I
think are still mimicking that but the
Internet has made it all worse right so
like back in the 80s and 90s and let's
just say the eighty is to be safe so
we're really pre-internet right um you
know people used to do the same crap
direct attention everywhere is doing
open rescue aka cattle-rustling AKA
stealing animals there is love it's
probably they used to do it wearing a
mask they used to do it in secret these
two has a clandestine operation that was
what they called Animal Liberation I
know what happens to animals after that
is another story right like okay so
you're gonna liberate you've won a flock
of sheep think that through what that
really means like in a crowded country
like England's now you got sheep
literally living in the downtown
apartments of animal rights protest in
the LF I've seen that at documentary
I've seen that where they had the Sheep
like next to their living room table pet
yeah notch over yeah yeah it's something
that was that was documentary done they
had an undercover journalist joined the
al F and get involved in that kind of
extremist stuff and like when he was
going to visit people's I was like oh
yeah we still have these sheep from the
open rescue we did in the edible
liberation we did two months ago or
something yeah look oh yeah gee how big
is your backyard do you think you can
take on one of these sheep furs and of
course it's illegal to write like most
cities you can't keep cheap for your
record anyway yeah
that is you can't even keep backyard
hens right yeah
sure without a permit or something yeah
sure and guess why all those animals
spread unbelievably horrible contagious
diseases to your ins they spread
horrible contagious diseases to one
another and to people so it's no joke
including your cat great article in The
Atlantic Monthly called your cat is
driving you crazy I think I must have
sent you this article it was when I was
in America and it was a neighboring town
from where I was living in they were
campaigning to try to get back here
tends to be legal they go because they
were illegal in the town that they were
living in and it was just funny hearing
their arguments for backyard hens ya
know they had to do with cruelty to
animals and like this is this is a way
to not be cruelty Yeah right just keep
it in a wooden box from the day it's
fortunate it's time cruel about that
just just anyway the open rescue
paradigm it was already lame back when
it was clandestine terrorism now it's
the same thing but they want to do it
with the mask off they want to commit
the same crime and they want to brag
about it on the internet and they want
you to donate money supporting it so to
me like you know if you talk about
videos of the internet what's two people
having a fist fight okay that's lame but
if it's just anonymous if it's just put
up there that's one thing if it's two
people having a fist fight and they want
you to donate money
this is fist fight for charity or this
is you know what I mean and they got
their NEMA and they're promoting
themselves it's worse it's worse I feel
like the open rescue paradigm it's got
it was lame to begin with I think it was
[ __ ] back when the al F did it with
the mass on and it's it's worse now
because now it's terrorism plus
famewhoring okay
terrorism is something you should do
covertly I'm still against it I don't
approve of it but this is like
combination of terrorism with
self-righteous famewhoring and they
really want to sit there in front like
they haven't commit
crime when they know they have Wayans
young is a lawyer he knows exactly which
laws he broke and I mean I guess from
his perspective it's just a cost-benefit
analysis where he thinks the outcomes of
the famewhoring are so desirable like
how much promotion can we get how many
donations can we get as opposed to how
many days am I gonna spend in prison
that he just thinks it's worth it like
okay spend a month in prison or that I
see a lot of people making excuses for
this Mike the vegan suggested that what
they did in their little terrorism cell
was in fact no different from undercover
journalism yes it is Mike it's different
it's different from undercover drills
you want to explain to you how you
always know it's very very important
that journalists that independent
journalists be allowed to go in there
and film what is happening and I think
that also includes people like the Exia
when a journalist applies for a job and
just doesn't explain that they're also a
part-time journalist when a journalist
applies for a job in a meatpacking
Factory in a slaughterhouse and then
goes in and does that job and then
writes about it afterwards or secretly
films and efforts that is completely
different from breaking and entering and
stealing animals okay speaking of DXE
will there be any repercussions for the
rescuers will this become a lawsuit and
will this become a animal Enterprise
Terrorism Act situation as the news
outlet RT has mentioned and those
responsible are likely to face some
serious charges as well under the animal
Enterprise Terrorism Act
breaking and entering into a business
and just filming what their business
does on the inside is already a crime
and already does damages that's where it
gets to the millions of dollars in
damages oh well you filmed our private
operations it's a big part of their
their legal claim I can totally manage
that my parents business knows growing
up as a kid if someone broke in and went
through the file folders and took
photographs and took film footage or
something they could really easily do
damage that for example results in a
multi-million dollar contract being
cancelled like okay you had this
break-in and then someone took footage
of it and put it on the internet and
caused an embarrassment one of your
clients is the government of Saudi
Arabia now the government of Saudi
Arabia cancelled their contract with you
multi-million dollar contract so now
that group who broke in
never their political motivations was
now you can say to them look you didn't
millions of dollars damage to me that's
how business works so that's our
breaking that during works and it's not
undercover journalism you don't think
there's a difference your honor cover
journalism and and what they did here
look I mean you know you can say your
motives are pious if your motives in
rescuing these animals were so pious why
didn't you do it anonymously why didn't
you do it in a clandestine manner why
didn't you just rescue the animals which
is to say stealing them the way all
other thieves steal in the night
silently in secret if you want to be
Robin Hood Robin Hood he leaves outside
the law maybe you didn't get that with
the story of Robin Hood Robin Hood and
the Sheriff of Nottingham are not on the
same team Robin Hood would not rob from
the rich take a [ __ ] selfie posted on
Instagram and ask his homies to donate
money dam to support his cause bobbing
the [ __ ] rich and giving to the poor
this is [ __ ] this is the worst
hypocrisy in that sense you're worse
than terrorists because at least the
[ __ ] terrorists admit they're
terrorists you're terrorists on the
worst kind of self-indulgent ego trip
easy easy so we see why my girlfriend
doesn't get to say much these videos I I
hate this crap and I can't believe
anyone's anyones join in by Maude vegan
in her video which was pro DXE she was
praising this she said even though she
would never do something like this
herself ethically that's still she felt
she had supported you know that's a real
hint we talked about that as vegans all
the time if you because meat-eaters say
well I wouldn't slaughter a pig myself
but they're willing to eat bacon by that
same talk that sack int there's
something you got to examine there oh oh
really you wouldn't do breaking entering
yourself you wouldn't Steve you pardon
me you wouldn't steal livestock from a
factory yourself really and yet and yet
you approve of this what why do you
think that is it's extremely dangerous
it can land you in prison it is not an
easy thing to do and I would never
recommend to anyone
they do it because I think that it's it
is a very very dangerous thing to do it
can really ruin your life if you get
caught and go to prison for these things
but I deeply support DXE for doing it I
think it's fantastic
why would you approve it for someone
else to do that not not yourself
yeah approval versus support and in my
begins I'm not trying to hear like you
know she said we should stand up and
support DNC sure I talked you were
literally last night by the way yeah I
know if you want to we could segue into
that dxc just put out their 40 year plan
their plan for the next four here's the
vegan movement and you know on one level
I can just appreciate the raw ambition
of that they're trying to be leaders of
the vegan movement I think they're not
aware of the extent to which they're
failing I mean oh they're trying they're
trying to put forward a vision for the
next four years of England I don't think
they're gonna be the leaders of the
vegan movement I don't need to be so I
raise this okay
let's talk about paths to power in vegan
politics politics means money money plus
action equals politics they're you know
you want to run for the Green Party
running for the Green Party cost money
you know any of these things this is the
brutal reality of politics in the real
world is politics can happen only when
you have a donor base to support your
pursuit of those political goals even if
it's just getting on a bus and going and
handing out leaflets I met a guy who did
that as his job for pedda he was a
full-time pet employee and he dress up
like a cow and hand out pamphlets on
school campuses going coast-to-coast in
America that was his paid job but it
still costs money
you name a that's cheap all these things
cause money how do you get money into
the vegan movement well the number one
source of money there's no doubt right
now is animal sanctuaries and you can
get even more money in support when you
link it to these are really salacious
you know animal rescue videos that moves
people emotionally and then they were
respond by donating financially just
look I've been watching DXE these last
three years four years something like
that I forget how long yeah basically
four years and I've seen how their modus
operandi has changed their mo has
changed they're doing more and more the
things that get them money
and they veered away from the things
that don't people don't want to donate
money to a bunch of [ __ ] going up to
the front of a Chipotle and screaming at
the owners and the customers to shut it
down because they serve meat Chipotle is
the only decent vegan option in a lot of
American cities people don't want to
donate money to support you when you run
onto a baseball pitch and try to
interrupt a baseball game holding up a
banner that says justice for the animals
go vegan people just don't some do a
couple people will donate money that not
that many right so they veer people did
not want to donate money to support your
legal costs after you ran on stage and
tried to interrupt Bernie Sanders they
also tried to interrupt Hillary Clinton
you know and then now you're in the
clink because the Secret Service bag you
up and handcuffed you and now you've got
legal fees and possible prison time
whatever people don't want to donate
money for the kind of street theater but
the emotional effect of rescuing these
animals and then you got the
tear-jerking photos of the animal being
rehabilitated and animal sanctuary that
means money don't kid yourself the
reason why one organization after
another moves into the open rescue and
sanctuary game is because of money .
okay so that's one road to power and a
lot of organizations done it
successfully I think go vegan world
started off in Ireland with the
sanctuary is a powerful example of that
they had this sanctuary they did
fundraising the business sanctuary that
moved on number two I'd say is food food
services in the broadest sense whether
it's a packaged product like a chocolate
bar running a restaurant what have you
and that road to power is already
starting to produce multi-millionaire or
successful business tycoons who are
early adopters of veganism so the guy
who owns Hampton Creek I don't even know
who's the millionaire behind Daiya who's
the millionaire behind the cliff bars
you mean Vega Vega has a charismatic
millionaire - that guy's a vegan
performance yeah protein powder they
make protein bars and stuff like that -
right so all these all these companies
have respectable CEOs millionaire
impresario executives those guys have a
certain kind of political credibility a
certain kind of weight
you tell me now there are there are
other roads to power there are other
ways to get over ties there are other
ways to get financial backing for vegan
movement you tell me who do you want
your name attached to do you want your
name attached to Wayne and Priya and
their shitty undemocratic backstabbing
self-destructive little disruption based
movement do you want your business to be
linked to Wayne and Priya as they face
terrorism charges again and again is
that who you want to cooperate with or
would you rather cooperate with daya
incorporated Hampton Creek incorporated
any of these vegan or semi vegan
companies that are in a very direct an
obvious which is or maybe your local
vegan restaurant maybe a vegan
supermarket maybe a vegan dessert
company whatever it is the food services
and Della's for-profit side of the game
both are problematic they're problematic
in different ways I think that the
aspects of the political movement that
are more corporate are going to have
some characteristics that are very
different from the aspects that are
explicitly political groups like PCRM
groups that are explicitly medical etc
etc there's gonna be diversity there
you're smiling you want to jump in I
don't know what that smell means what I
love you I think this should say look
the only thing I want to know I feel
stiff I already did 700 videos on this
channel which is me giving a monologue
so I so sometimes she feels like a
member of the audience even when she's
on camera tells you something look why
were these charges so serious I think
Mike the vegan is lying to you about
that I think in effect mod vegan is 90
or was lying to herself about that
fundamentally in law enforcement the
most important question is propensity to
Rhea fend for because these are
politically motivated crimes by people
who openly espouse that there's nothing
wrong with them
those crimes the people committing these
crimes have committed the same crimes
before talking about Wayne thought with
the leader of Jarrett eyes Network Wayne
and Priya and they're openly espousing
that they're gonna do them again and
they're encouraging others to them again
so if people who are asking in this
incredulous way why would the FBI come
on down on them so hard what why
wouldn't the FBI just treat this like a
house burglar someone who just got drunk
one night and broke into a house trying
to steal a TV set because it's really
not the same is it it's really not
there's really a very good reason why
this isn't treated the same way as say
you know a political protesters who
maybe do some damage to a public park
during a protest that's very common just
mention the own political protest that's
a that's a legal problem they often run
into but where they didn't really intend
to and they didn't espouse that is a
good thing they just said well we're
trying to do this political protest in
the park we're sorry we broke the
fountain or whatever was something got
damaged
we broke the public restrooms or
something because we had see what he
people the protest that happens okay
it's in no way comprable that this is
being persecuted as terrorism because of
the propensity to Rhea fend you commit a
crime and you espouse and you do it with
no masks on and you espouse that you're
not ashamed of it you're proud of it and
you're actively boasting on Instagram
you're putting up those selfies it
asking for donations you're doing all
that stuff you are making it completely
clear to the authorities that if they
don't stop you one you will reoffending
two you have followers whom you will
inspire whom you will occurr egde to
commit the same offense again so from my
perspective this is a massive exercise
in self delusion you want to pretend
this is the same as under country
journalism it's not you want to pretend
this is the same as some kind of minor
crime like accidentally breaking
someone's window like minor damage to
property it's not if you break someone's
window accidentally what's your
propensity to Rhea fend it
the reason why this is taken so serious
of the FBI is precisely compensatory
offend guys if you want to play these
games I give this same advice to my
daughter like if my daughter asked me
daddy I want to commit a murder
I'd say to her look let me let me let me
tell you something let me tell you
something sweetie
days um you want to commit a murder you
don't ask me for advice you don't ask
your mom for advice
Unitas the M for advice and what you
don't do is take out your cell phone
take a picture of yourself
put it on the internet and ask for
donations okay some things in this life
you want adores criminal methods if you
wanted or working outside the law if you
want to be Robin Hood then you're not
cool with the Sheriff of Nottingham
these are two different paths in life
either you're doing something
clandestine or you're doing something
overtly democratic participatory
political where you can hold your head
up high and ask for donations knowing
that you're both within the law and you
know that your morality cannot be
impugned all right DXE direct action
everywhere is an experiment and in the
final analysis I think it will be judged
an experiment in futility baddest yen